Just an actor
Without Mr. Long, you are nothing
Forget that you have now divorced Mr. Long
Go and provoke your Mr. Qin
Maybe he's waiting for you in some trash heap
You are blind.
With someone as nice as Mr. Long
Don't eat what's in the bowl, look at what's in the pot
Ok smile
There we go.
There's no need to mess with this kind of person
This hotel happens to be upstairs from the conference
Ordinary people can't go up
The lady just let him go
He ruined my Golden Dragon Award
And asked the patron behind me to get rid of my name
I'm sure I won't let him go.
But now there is Yue Xiaorou to help him admit it
I still don't know how the forces behind him are
No intention of lifting me lightly
Now what?
Not only, I didn't win the prize.
But how?
I am also a hot star in Guozhou
Resources are definitely not available
The rest will start in the same city